Ncsdk 10354 ml app pm (#6272)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/machine_learning/README.rst

  * ``tap`` - the device is tapped while placed on a flat surface.

  Unknown gestures, such as shaking the device, are recognized as anomaly.

> * Thingy:53 supports sensor sleeping functionality - sensor stops sampling when there is no activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Thingy:53 supports sensor sleeping functionality - sensor stops sampling when there is no activity and resumes back when movements are detected.
```

    * LED blinks with an average frequency if it is connected, but is not actively forwarding data.
    * LED blinks rapidly if it is connected and is actively forwarding data.

>   * If sensor enters into sleep mode LED would generate short blinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If sensor enters into the sleep mode, the LED makes short blinks.
```

>     * In machine learning mode LED would blink in green color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * LED blink in green color in the machine learning mode.
```

>     * In data forwarder it would blink in red color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *  LED blink in red color in the data forwarder.
```
